I have long known that the Eastern Imperial Mansion and the King of the Jiang family are coming to Pin
No more than two people with outstanding martial arts
arrogant
I will never submit to a family like Jiang Wenxing
There must be someone behind the stubbornness
If I don't get hurt in my dress
How did you get out of this old fox?
So you said you came to Beihai to get married
It is actually
Excuses for everything you do
It's just one after another.
The purpose is to get rid of the old man
This kind of heart
Resourceful candor
When the first class
Even if I let you know that the old man is behind the scenes
So what?
Now the Promise Palace is under my control
And your strategy for protecting the law
Only under the four swordsmen
My husband joined forces with them
Even if your martial arts are towering
It is also difficult to fly
Since this plan is set
How can I not guard against you?
Your cronies
All members have been deleted by several other elders
Look down on you for winning
No wonder the old shopkeeper passed it on to you
The old man is convinced that he lost this time
Fan Yao gathers the crowd to rebel
Attack the hall master
According to the temple rules
Riding sin at the beginning
But Nianzhi has made contributions to the Hall of the Promise
Special Fan Yao is broken off, and the whole body is full of energy
Imprisoned for life
Well, I am one of the two elders of the Promise Palace
I have my own style
Although lost
But I can't let you bully
I go for it.
Taken by the devil